Yeah. And I think we're, and also, I think one of the things that's going on,
and this is one of the things that's empowered,
the women's movement into powered.
A lot of other movements is access to information. Correct. It's radical,
it's happening so fast and it's,
it's inundating us and we have to catch up to it. It's like it's happening.
So quickly that w we're just trying to, okay. What, what, what is,
okay now what's not okay. Now, what can we do? What can we not do?
And access to each other?
Like never before have 10 women all assaulted by the same man been able to
meet each other. Well, how else would we run into the grocery store? Hey,
were you assaulted by that guy? By any chance? Like,
we're able to find each other on the Jamie.
Talking about Steve Carell and the office.
Was it you that was talking about that? Yeah.
W w you watch the old episodes of the office, which is not that long ago,
he was such a creep. And I was like, you can't really do that.
That's amazing. But he was kind of like bumbling, you know, like silly.
So what was the difference like that was,
I think the percep of sewed where a girl shows up to sell purses,
and he's just like, makes a big to do it.
Just like you can have the conference room and guess what?
I just got this espresso maker. Don't make me give it to you. Cause I won't, oh,
do you need a ride home? I'll give you a ride home.
But get the ride.
Home thing was a very particular creepy thing based off today is.
Right. And I think that, like, I mean, what I know about the English version,
I don't know what the intention was for the American version.
The idea was to make him kind of polarizing and it's,
it makes you uncomfortable. And he, you know.
It's crazy that it wasn't that long ago.
Yeah. It wasn't like, oh, but it's like, you know, it's like, you know,
it's interesting because so much of this is, is almost it's.
Cause it's so intangible. It's hard to explain.
And I think this is why a lot of guys are getting annoyed because when you get
granular about it, it,
it makes us seem like we're just being crazy because so it's like you hugged me
at the comedy store and it feels different than when I'm,
let's call him Joe blow. He hugs me.
There's just something creepy about Joe blow.
And there's something not creepy about you.
And I can't explain it and I can't tell you why.
And I sound crazy and manic and.
No, that doesn't sound because that's the same way with gay guys.
There's certain gay guys that hug me where it's creepy.
There's certain gay guys that hug me. I don't want to out anybody,
but there's certain guys that hug me. I'm like, what's up and give them a hug.
And it's all just warm and friendly and it's cool.
It doesn't matter if they're gay or not,
but then there's other guys that they hang on to me a little or they'll squeeze
my back a little and it just needs a little, little extra going on. I'm like,
okay.
And I try. And I think that that's what, like,
females are kind of trying to sort of say what,
the more granular stuff and with the Z story and stuff, it's like,
I know it sounds like I'm being crazy,
but I promise there's something creepy about it.
And I know that I don't have proof and I don't have photo evidence, but I'm I,
but in the more I talk about it, the crazier I sound, but I think that, that,
it's just making me, the Steve curl thing is making me,
it's like a hug that lasts a little too long. I had a guy once in an office.
Right. But don't you think the Z store is like, look,
you don't have to try to tank a guy life from a bad date.
It seems like you both ate, ate each other out and went down on each other.
And it's like, it sounds like it sucked, but then you're anonymous. Then you're,
you're 22 or 23. Like this is like poor judgment. And here's the thing.
There's a lot of cruelty involved. It,
like somebody described it as revenge porn and that's.
For a, yeah, but.
It's just like, look, this is not,
these are not comparable crimes to like what we've been discussing.
I don't know if I can't speak to saying who's guilty and all that sort of,
I don't, I don't think there's enough information,
but I don't think that, that this person is coming forward, equating it to rape.
I think women know that there's different echelons,
there's rape and sexual assault. I mean, look,
I don't know enough about it and none of us were there,
but like I do know in my twenties, I'm not saying as he's guilty again,
I don't know.
But in my twenties I had a lot of sex that I felt I was coerced into that was
transactional sex that I didn't want to have. You know,
and this is something we talk about in the female brain movie is that men are
less able to read cues, emotional cues on, on faces than women are.
Um, I'm not so apparent.
So we have evolved to cry four times more easily because men have a harder time
reading, um, emotional cues on faces.
That's why women cry.
Until we crazier because men are designed to sort of like see movement and to
hunt and to write, you're not designed to sort of read like, oh,
is she frustrated or angry? You know, like,
have you ever been on a double date with your wife? And like, um,
you think that her and the other, I can't imagine you on a double date.
That was so weird thinking about it.
I've done those things really in the very early.
Stage, I've done them recently. But if you really.
Yeah, and you go on a double date and like,
you have to talk to the guy and he's asking you a million questions about
hunting. And you're like, just listen to my podcast.
Why do I have to do this for free?
And then your wife is talking to the other girl and you think it's going well.
And the girl gets to the car and you're like, oh, that went well.
And you're like, she was such a. I couldn't stand her. And you're like,
it seemed like you guys got along great. You know, like,
has that ever happened to you? My.
Wife's not like, okay. She's.
Just.
Um, she just talks and she's not like if she, if she thought something was bad,
she would let everybody know right away. Well, she would just, it would be all.
Or just, just sort of like sometimes there's like, um, basically,
and we talk about in the movie is like, it's just,
men are not as good at reading emotions on faces. So it's like,
if you were to say like, Whitney, how are you? And I was like, I'm fine.
You might just be like, okay, she's fine. Let's move on.
A lot of guys can't understand that there's a discrepancy between what I'm
saying and how I'm saying it. And it's like about just reading,
like how muscles move on, on human faces. So it's like, you can look up, um,
sort of the difference. And you know, so I'm not defending men in that area.
I think that,
that an interesting conversation that might come up at some point as people who
have autism are really going to be in all of this people who can't pick up on
social cues, because so much of this is non-verbal.
I fear that we're going to get to a place where we're going to have to like sign
contracts and before we have sex and stuff. Because, you know, I,
I know that in my twenties and I'm freezing up just talking about it, um,
is that when men made physical advances to me,
I would be giving off these nonverbal cues. Um, and I wasn't saying no,
but my body was saying no,
and I'm not saying it's necessarily a guy is supposed to like,
be able to read my body language, but that's what was happening.
Cause I froze up because of my trauma response and I was scared.
And also we are conditioned to be submissive to men. Um,
I am conditioned to feel shame if I don't a guy in a certain amount of time,
I spent a of.
I thought it was the opposite.
I thought you would feel shame if you a guy too quickly.
I've got a guy on the first date. You feel shame.
But if you there's this sort of like unspoken rule that you like,
kind of have to a guy on the third day. Yeah. Oh, I totally am.
I do not think that Jamie has never heard of this.
I feel like guilt and shame and I'm difficult and I have a prude and I'm like,
whatever. Yeah, this might just be me, but like every, I mean,
every girl that I know that I'm, maybe it's just my generation or something.
Every guy out there is like, oh,
I got to do is just get three dates in and we're in.
I don't think about negotiate. So just the,
just the tip is like something we joke about. Right.
But it is based in the idea of negotiating for sex.
So if someone is starting to say just the tip, that means I've already said no,
and you'll, it will come on. How about just a blow job? And then I'm like, no,
just come on. Just the tip. It's like, we joke about it.
But that means that a negotiation is going on and then I've already said, no,
and then you just get worn down and that's like transactional sex,
which I think women are kind of just, I won't generalize about all women. Um,
but I think some women are like, sort of like,
I don't want to have that kind of transactional sex anymore. And like,
like I feel like I'm being used as a blow up doll.
And I think from what I understand,
that girl felt as she felt like she was like rushed through dinner and like went
back and was just sort of expected to be.
And I think a lot of what's happening is that men were promised something from
porn and women were promised something from romantic comedies.
Men were promised that women like want it all the time.
And women have been promised that men like want to talk to us.
And I think these expectations are clashing.
So I think it's a little bit of nature and a little bit.
So a lot of it being media,
misrepresentations of actual relationships and that's the models that people are
acting on.
Yeah.
I think it's different for every person because every person has a different
experience with sex. Everyone has a different ability to read faces.
Everyone has a different nature and nurture everyone had different parents.
And then there's a problem with like,
sometimes you really shouldn't be with that person and you're there and you're
there. And what do you do when you do?
I mean, I've literally had sex before just to like get out of there.
You're just like, oh God, I don't want to argue with this person right now.
But I feel like this person feels entitled to my body and I feel shame and I'm
embarrassed. And like,
it's just all this stuff that's really kind of hard to explain.
And I think it probably is annoying to the guy and I just like,
I don't want to be difficult and I've been so Gaslight to believe that I'm
difficult. It just gets like really messy.
And then by the time you figure it out,
you've already had sex and you're just like, oh, can I, my parking pass back.
It isn't as,
as part of just being a human and trying to navigate your way through the
treacherous waters of just social interactions.
I didn't figure it out until I was 32 years old.
I wasn't able to like articulate or figure whether I actually want to be having
sex or not. So like my advice to all my guy friends is,
do not have sex with girls that are under 30. Cause like I could not,
I didn't have the ability to even know or say what I wanted until I was thinking.
For men. A lot of men feel like if you have sex with a girl who's under 30,
then it's fun and you can have fun.
But if you have sex with a girl who's over 30,
their biological clock is ticking.
And they're pressing.
Pressuring you into this, you know, relationship very quickly.
What's your intentions? Where's this going? I wouldn't know what we,
how we stand, what are we.
Block? Or find another one there's Tinder. You can find plenty of.
What have you like, are you just wanting to calm down? You swollen?
Let's work this out.
Look, we're going to have to like start talking to each other, I guess.
And like setting expectations. I know that sounds like a nightmare. It doesn't,
it.